# PROJECT 2
    Project Name: CMS for a Restaurant Website

    Restaurant Name - Covid Blues

    Authors-Kouassi Kevin Kouadio
            Wendy Hintzen
            Miguel Lopez
            Tashena Malloy

# User Story:
    As a restuarant owner, 
    I would like a website where I can post the new dishes, 
    so that customers can see the latest available menu and place their orders

# Summary of Project CMS for a Restaurant Website
    This software application when opened in the Browser, will allow you to enter a Blog.  Once you post the Blog, it will display in Menu Page and also added to the Menu. The customer can then browse the Menu to determine what dishes they would be interested in.
    
# Description of Project CMS for a Restaurant 

   * Concept:
        The concept of our project was to build a blog App that would allow a Restaurant owner to be able to post new menus to her/his restaurant so that customers can view the menu and order what they need

   * Design:
        This project was designed using CMS (Content Management Software) pattern, which allowed a user to send a request which goes to the Controller, who then pass it onto the Models, which in turn passes and  stores the information in the Database. The results is then returned from the database back to the Models, to the Controllers to HTML Views that can be seen by the user via the Browser.
        
   * Functionality:
        This application has three HTML pages, two of them, the Home and the Menu Page is generated by the process using handlebars and one of the pages, the Contact page is static.  First the user logs into the application using a Username and password. This brings the Restaurant Owner to the Blog page, from here they can easily browse the Menu or Home page to see what already exists if they had posted earlier, review Orders or Post a Blog.   
        If they want to post a Blog, they can enter the Title of the Meal, provide a short description, enter a picture link of the menu item and select the name of the author.  After clicking Submit, the information is posted to the Database and the Home Page, generated by the Home handlebars, shows that the Meal was posted to the Home Page Slide show.
        By clicking on the Menu Page the owner can see that the item was added to the menu.  On the Menu page, a customer can select an item to order by clicking on a menu item and it will pops up on the orders box, once the customer clicks submit, the order is submitted to the orders page also generated by the Orders handlebars.  The orders on the Orders Page, gives the Owner the ability to see what the customer has ordered.

# Tools Used:
   * CMS
   * Node and Express Web server
   * API Routes
   * Post/Get
   * Deployed using Heroku
   * Package Json
   * Handlebars
   * HTML Output Files
   * MySql database with a sequelize ORM
   * Schema           

# Links:
    Deployed Version on Heroku:
    https://restaurant-cms-project2.herokuapp.com 

    GitHub Repository:    
    https://github.com/kevkouadio/Project2

    Screencastify video: